Now that we have our modifiers written,
we can use them in a function definitions.
Let's write the constructor function now to
initialize the original values of the two variables,
the owner and the skuCount.
So, let's look at the constructor function right there.
We're making it public.
So, this is a function that is going to be called
automatically whenever the contract is initiated.
That is how constructor functions work.
Now, this will be useful to, of course,
initialize any variables that we wanted to
initialize before any of the other functions are run.
So, what we're doing in that,
is that we're roughly having
the constructor function and we're setting a few properties for this function.
We're of course, making it public.
We want to make sure that it can be accessed by whoever initiates the contract.
Now, within this function,
we will set the variables owner to the
msg.sender and the skuCount to zero as a starting point. That's it.
So, when this contract is initiated,
the constructor will run and send the owner to the address of the contract initiator,
and it will also send the skuCount to zero.
In terms of a supply chain,
the seller or the owner of this lemonade supply chain,
gets initialized to the address of the contract initiator.
Now, let's look at the addItem function.
So, we've done the constructor function.
Let's look at the addItem function right there.
Fantastic. Now, we're going to make it public.
It will also accept two arguments;
the name of the lemonade item and the price of the item.
So, when we're adding an item,
we're of course giving the name of the item and the price of the item.
We're also applying the modifier onlyOwner,
so that only the owner of the lemonade stand can add items to the supply chain.
The overall goal of this function is to add items to the inventory.
We start by incrementing the skuCount by one.
Remember, we set it to zero initially in the constructor function.
So, what we're doing is that we're actually
incrementing it because we're not adding an item.
So, you want to give it a sku of one to start with.
So, every time we add a new item,
this function is called and the skuCount is incremented.
So, every new item has a unique skuCount.
Then, we will create a new item.
So, in this line if you see over here,
we're actually creating, we're also emitting an event over here.
We'll look at it in just a second.
But we're also creating a new item over here.
If you look in this line, we will use the name and the price arguments passed in.
The skuCount is of course maintained within a contract and the state is set to sale.
So, adding a new item to our mapping,
items is the mapping remember,
skuCount is the skuCount.
Then, this is the struct.
We're creating a new struct.
We're giving the name to whatever name is passed in.
So, we're just creating a new item. That's it.
We're adding it to the mapping and restoring it in using the skuCount.
We are also emitting an event over here.
This event, just in case if anyone is watching ForSale event,
that we have a new item that's being added for sale.
Also wanted to show you here,we're also setting the state to sale.
We're setting the seller to msg.sender.
Again in our case, it's just the owner.
We're also setting the buyer to zero right now,
just because we don't have a buyer yet.
Later on, when we write the buyItem function,
whoever is buying the item,
they will change this value to the buyers address. All right.
So, now we've written out two of our functions,
we have the constructor function which sets
the initial values of the lemonade owner skuCount,
and the addItem function which allows new items to be put up for sale.
At this point, we have just two functions left to write; buyItem and fetchItem.
Let's do that next.